\section{Methodolody}

Submissions must be single PDF files containing at most 12 pages in
the required new ACM format (see
\url{https://www.sigsac.org/ccs2017/format} for details and templates,
which you have presumably found if you are reading this!) of body
content, with any number of additional pages for the bibliography,
well-marked appendices, and any desired supplementary material.  When
relevant, submitters may include reviews from past submissions and
responses to them in the supplementary material.

Reviewers are not required to consider the appendices or supplementary
material, however, so submissions need to be intelligible and
convincing without them.  Submissions not meeting these guidelines, or
playing games to work around page limits, will be rejected by the PC
chairs without review.  In particular, papers should not use squeezing
tricks to adjust the (already very dense) ACM paper format, and moving
discussion of key related work or important definitions to appendices
may be grounds for rejection.

\subsection{Conflicts of Interest}

The conference requires cooperation from both authors and program
committee members to ensure a process that is both fair in practice
and perceived to be fair by everyone. When submitting a paper, authors
are required to identify members of the program committee who may not
be able to provide an unbiased review.  This includes people with
strong personal or professional relationships such as advisor/advisee,
members of the same organization, and close collaborators (for
example, recent or repeated co-authors). In general, this means anyone
who a reasonable person with all the relevant information would
question as an impartial reviewer. The program co-chairs reserve the
right to request a more specific description of a conflict-of-interest
declaration from authors.

Program committee members who have a conflict of interest with a
paper, including program co-chairs, will be excluded from evaluation
and discussion of the paper, but because submissions are anonymous to
reviewers it is important for submitting authors to identify these
conflicts. In the case of a program co-chair, the other co-chairs who
do not have conflicts will be responsible for managing that paper.
Program co-chairs are not permitted to be involved as co-authors in
any submissions.
